"“The easiest time to add insult to injury is when you’re signing somebody’s cast.” — Demetri Martin",
"“It’s sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.” — Jack Handey",
"“The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.” — Demetri Martin",
"“I don’t want to be part of a club that would have me as a member.” — Groucho Marx",
"“Does my wife think I’m a control freak? I haven’t decided yet.” — Stewart Francis",
"“I have a lot of growing up to do. I realized that the other day inside my fort.” — Zach Galifianakis",
"“Honesty may be the best policy, but it’s important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.” — George Carlin",
"“I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.” — Rodney Dangerfield",
"“I was playing chess with my friend and he said, ‘Let’s make this interesting’. So we stopped playing chess.” — Matt Kirshen",
"“Crime in multi-story car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels.” — Tim Vine",
"“A thesaurus is great. There’s no other word for it.” — Ross Smith",
"“Two fish in a tank. One says, ‘How do you drive this thing?'” — Peter Kay",
"“I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together. Riveting!” — Stewart Francis",
"“People who like trance music are very persistent. They don’t techno for an answer.” — Joel Dommett",
"“Do Transformers get car or life insurance?” — Russell Howard",
"“My father drank so heavily, when he blew on the birthday cake he lit the candles.” — Les Dawson",
"“Alright lads, a giant fly is attacking the police station. I’ve called the SWAT team!” — Greg Davies",
"“I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time.” — Tom Ward",
"“I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.” — Steve Martin",
"“By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step, he is too old to go anywhere.” — Billy Crystal",
"“Proof that we don’t understand death is that we give dead people a pillow.” — Jerry Seinfeld",
"“Don’t talk to me about Valentine’s Day. At my age, an affair of the heart is a bypass.” — Joan Rivers",
"“Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life.” — Ed Byrne",
"“Oh, when I was a kid in show business, I was poor. I used to go to orgies to eat the grapes.” — Rodney Dangerfield",
"“In the school I went to, they asked a kid to prove the law of gravity and he threw the teacher out of the window.” — Rodney Dangerfield",
"“I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.” — Rodney Dangerfield",
"“One time my whole family played hide and seek. They found my mother in Pittsburgh!” — Rodney Dangerfield",
"“I met the surgeon general. He offered me a cigarette.” — Rodney Dangerfield",
"“Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time.” — Demetri Martin",
"“When I was a boy, I laid in my twin-sized bed and wondered where my brother was.” — Mitch Hedberg",
"“My drug test came back negative. My dealer sure has some explaining to do.” — Unknown",
"“The first time I met my wife, I knew she was a keeper. She was wearing massive gloves.” — Alun Cochrane",
"“My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We’ll see about that.’” — Stewart Francis",
"Don’t spell part backward. It’s a trap.",
"I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.",
"Is your bottom jealous of the amount of crap that comes out of your mouth?",
"There’s a new restaurant called Karma. There’s no menu. You get what you deserve.",
"Thanks for explaining the word “many” to me, it means a lot.",
"The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it’s still on the list.",
"Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession.",
"I got a new pair of gloves today, but they’re both lefts which, on the one hand, is great, but on the other, it’s just not right.",
"